MIT License

Copyright (c) 2025 NextLevelTraders

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

---

## Zusätzliche Kommerzielle Lizenz

Die Nutzung der NextLevelTraders Software in einem kommerziellen Kontext
(z.B. als Teil eines kommerziellen Produkts oder Services) erfordert eine
separate kommerzielle Lizenz.

Für kommerzielle Lizenzen kontaktieren Sie bitte:
licensing@nextleveltraders.com

## Drittanbieter-Komponenten

Diese Software enthält Komponenten von Drittanbietern, die unter ihren
jeweiligen Lizenzen stehen. Eine vollständige Liste der verwendeten
Komponenten und deren Lizenzen finden Sie in der Datei THIRD_PARTY_LICENSES.md.

## Handelsmarken

NextLevelTraders™ ist eine eingetragene Handelsmarke. Die Verwendung dieser
Marke in abgeleiteten Werken ist ohne ausdrückliche schriftliche Genehmigung
nicht gestattet.

## Datenschutz

Die Verwendung dieser Software unterliegt unserer Datenschutzerklärung:
https://nextleveltraders.com/privacy

## Fragen zur Lizenz

Bei Fragen zur Lizenzierung wenden Sie sich bitte an:
licensing@nextleveltraders.com